README.md, before:

AndroBlue  
============  
  
AndroBlue is an Android application used to send command to the Hyundai
 Ioniq EV 2020 from Canada.

![Alt text](/app/assets/screemshot_1.webp?raw=true "Screenshot 1")
![Alt text](/app/assets/screemshot_2.webp?raw=true "Screenshot 2")
![Alt text](/app/assets/screemshot_3.webp?raw=true "Screenshot 3")

Thanks https://github.com/Hacksore/bluelinky for the inspiration!

Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/kiranshastry" title="Kiranshastry">Kiranshastry</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a>

## Disclaimer

This repository is for research purposes only, the use of this code is your responsibility.  
  
I take NO responsibility and/or liability for how you choose to use any of the source code available here. By using any of the files available in this repository, you understand that you are AGREEING TO USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. Once again, ALL files available here are for EDUCATION and/or RESEARCH purposes ONLY.
  
  
License  
-------  
  
    Copyright 2021 Thierry-Dimitri Roy
  
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  
    You may obtain a copy of the License at  
  
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  
  
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software  
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,  
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and  
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

AndroBlue add Play Store url

README.md, after:

AndroBlue  
============  
  
AndroBlue is an Android application used to send command to the Hyundai
 Ioniq EV 2020 from Canada. It is available on the Play Store at:
 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=androblue.app

![Alt text](/app/assets/screemshot_1.webp?raw=true "Screenshot 1")
![Alt text](/app/assets/screemshot_2.webp?raw=true "Screenshot 2")
![Alt text](/app/assets/screemshot_3.webp?raw=true "Screenshot 3")

Thanks https://github.com/Hacksore/bluelinky for the inspiration!

Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/kiranshastry" title="Kiranshastry">Kiranshastry</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a>

## Disclaimer

This repository is for research purposes only, the use of this code is your responsibility.  
  
I take NO responsibility and/or liability for how you choose to use any of the source code available here. By using any of the files available in this repository, you understand that you are AGREEING TO USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. Once again, ALL files available here are for EDUCATION and/or RESEARCH purposes ONLY.
  
  
License  
-------  
  
    Copyright 2021 Thierry-Dimitri Roy
  
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  
    You may obtain a copy of the License at  
  
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  
  
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software  
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,  
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and  
    limitations under the License.
